README.md, before:

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0-green.svg)](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.1-green.svg) [![Build status](https://img.shields.io/badge/build-passing-green.svg)](https://img.shields.io/badge/build-passing-green.svg) [![CMS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CMS-WordPress-lightgrey.svg)](https://img.shields.io/badge/CMS-WordPress-lightgrey.svg) [![eCommerce](https://img.shields.io/badge/E%20Commerce%20solution-WooCommerce-lightgrey.svg)](https://img.shields.io/badge/E%20Commerce%20solution-WooCommerce-lightgrey.svg)

# Wine Space 🍇

![preview](https://rawgit.com/pierrechls/wine-space/master/wine-space/images/preview.png)

> Wine Space is a template for WordPress using WooCommerce e-commerce plugin

## 🛠 How to use it

### Clone the project

    git clone https://github.com/pierrechls/wine-space.git
    
### Add theme to your WordPress

- **Upload** the folder named *wine-space* to `/wp-content/themes/` folder using your favorite FTP Client
- **Activate** it via your admin interface (`Appearance > Themes`)

### Install external plugins

#### WooCommerce

- **Download** WooCommerce plugin from [WordPress](https://fr.wordpress.org/plugins/woocommerce/) or [WooThemes](https://www.woothemes.com/woocommerce/)
- **Active** WooCommerce plugin from your admin interface
- **Select** your favorite langage after downloading your langage from the [langage pack](https://translate.wordpress.org/projects/wp-plugins/woocommerce/language-packs) and adding downloaded files into WooCommerce plugin folder
    
 
#### Toolset Types

- **Download** Toolset Types plugin from [here](https://github.com/pierrechls/wp-types)
- **Follow** the instructions
- **Download** the XML file and import it from the plugin

#### WPforms

- **Download** WPforms plugin from [here](https://github.com/pierrechls/wp-forms)
- **Follow** the instructions
- **Create** forms (for example, you can insert a contact form in your contact page)

#### Min/Max Quantities

- **Download** Min/Max Quantities plugin from [here](https://github.com/pierrechls/wc-min-max-quantities)
- **Follow** the instructions
- **Configure** your products with min and max quantities
 
### Init content

#### WordPress content

- Download XML file from [here](https://rawgit.com/pierrechls/wine-space/data/wordpress/espacevin.wordpress.xml)
- In your WordPress dashboard, go to `Tools > Import` and import the XML file

#### Toolset settings

- Download XML file from [here](https://rawgit.com/pierrechls/wine-space/data/toolset/settings.xml)
- In your WordPress dashboard, go to `Toolset > Export/Import` and import the XML file

### Customize content

#### Update map

Go to `Google Maps > Contact map` and add your **API key** and your **coordinates**. 

#### Create content

Create as many **products**, **posts** and **pages** as you want.

## 📕 Prior installation

You have to download [Wordpress](https://wordpress.org/download/) and install it on you server.

Commit message:

Update README (add informations about Jetpack and Google Analytics)

README.md, after:

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0-green.svg)](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.1-green.svg) [![Build status](https://img.shields.io/badge/build-passing-green.svg)](https://img.shields.io/badge/build-passing-green.svg) [![CMS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CMS-WordPress-lightgrey.svg)](https://img.shields.io/badge/CMS-WordPress-lightgrey.svg) [![eCommerce](https://img.shields.io/badge/E%20Commerce%20solution-WooCommerce-lightgrey.svg)](https://img.shields.io/badge/E%20Commerce%20solution-WooCommerce-lightgrey.svg)

# Wine Space 🍇

![preview](https://rawgit.com/pierrechls/wine-space/master/wine-space/images/preview.png)

> Wine Space is a template for WordPress using WooCommerce e-commerce plugin

## 🛠 How to use it

### Clone the project

    git clone https://github.com/pierrechls/wine-space.git
    
### Add theme to your WordPress

- **Upload** the folder named *wine-space* to `/wp-content/themes/` folder using your favorite FTP Client
- **Activate** it via your admin interface (`Appearance > Themes`)

### Install external plugins

#### WooCommerce

- **Download** WooCommerce plugin from [WordPress](https://fr.wordpress.org/plugins/woocommerce/) or [WooThemes](https://www.woothemes.com/woocommerce/)
- **Active** WooCommerce plugin from your admin interface
- **Select** your favorite langage after downloading your langage from the [langage pack](https://translate.wordpress.org/projects/wp-plugins/woocommerce/language-packs) and adding downloaded files into WooCommerce plugin folder
    
 
#### Toolset Types

- **Download** Toolset Types plugin from [here](https://github.com/pierrechls/wp-types)
- **Follow** the instructions
- **Download** the XML file and import it from the plugin

#### WPforms

- **Download** WPforms plugin from [here](https://github.com/pierrechls/wp-forms)
- **Follow** the instructions
- **Create** forms (for example, you can insert a contact form in your contact page)

#### Min/Max Quantities

- **Download** Min/Max Quantities plugin from [here](https://github.com/pierrechls/wc-min-max-quantities)
- **Follow** the instructions
- **Configure** your products with min and max quantities
 
### Init content

#### WordPress content

- Download XML file from [here](https://rawgit.com/pierrechls/wine-space/data/wordpress/espacevin.wordpress.xml)
- In your WordPress dashboard, go to `Tools > Import` and import the XML file

#### Toolset settings

- Download XML file from [here](https://rawgit.com/pierrechls/wine-space/data/toolset/settings.xml)
- In your WordPress dashboard, go to `Toolset > Export/Import` and import the XML file

### Customize content

#### Update map

Go to `Google Maps > Contact map` and add your **API key** and your **coordinates**. 

#### Create content

Create as many **products**, **posts** and **pages** as you want.

#### More

I suggest you to install [Jetpack](https://fr.wordpress.org/plugins/jetpack/) and [Google Analytics](https://fr.wordpress.org/plugins/google-analytics-dashboard-for-wp/) to get a lot of information about your website.

## 📕 Prior installation

You have to download [Wordpress](https://wordpress.org/download/) and install it on you server.
